We are grateful to Gabriel Carroll (editor) and four anonymous referees for their advice, as well as Ashwin Kambhampati, Tiago Botelho, and Nicolas Goulart for their excellent research assistance. We are also indebted to Dilip Abreu, Nageeb Ali, Pierpaolo Battigalli, Alex Bloedel, Benjamin Brooks, Andrew Caplin, Sylvain Chassang, Laura Doval, Daniel Grodzicki, Danilo de Paula, Vijay Krishna, Jay Lu, Stephen Morris, David Pearce, Luciano Pomatto, Doron Ravid, Larry Samuelson, Ran Shorrer, Ron Siegel,

L. Doval and J. Ely. Sequential information design. Econometrica, 88(6):2575 -2608, 2020. L. Doval, R. Eilat, T. Liu, and Y. Zhou. Revealed information. Columbia University and Ben Gurion University, 2024. J. Ely. Beeps. American Economic Review , 107(1):31 -53, 2017. J. C. Ely and M. Szydlowski. Moving the goalposts. Journal of Political Economy , 128(2):468 --506, 2020. M. D. Fajardo, M. A. Goberna, M. Rodrguez, and J. Vicente-Perez. Even convexity and optimization. Cham: Springer , 2020. F. Forges. An

to information structures that do not depend on action reports, meaning that we can write the recommendations of the mediator as an action-independent information structure : (A) An alternative embedding can be obtained following Makris and Renou [2023], who consider a mediator who directly knows the state of the world. 23By generic, we mean that no two action sequences can give the same payoffs in the same state. This is a strong restriction, violated by many applications of interest. 24The key thing to

and information and mechanism design, some of which are described in Section 8. 2 Model and definitions 2.1 Notation A stochastic map from X to a finite set Y is a function : X (Y ), where (Y )is the set of probability distributions over Y . We represent the probability assigned to y at the point x by (y|x). The composition of two stochastic maps : X (Y )and : Y (Z)is defined by (z|x)= y Y (z|y)(y|x). 5There are two key steps here: the construction of the appropriate deviation rule for values greater than

Ron Siegel, Marciano Siniscalchi, Alexander Wolitzky, and seminar par- ticipants at University of Chicago, Yale University, University of Rochester, Indian Statistical Institute Delhi, University of Pennsylvania, New York University, University of British Columbia, Princeton University, Pennsylvania Economic Theory Conference and European Summer Symposium in Economic Theory at Gerzensee for their comments. 1 Our aim is to characterize the empirical content of this model. To that end, we take the per-

we allow multiple information structures within a population, each information structure will generate a distribution that can be rationalized. The observed distribution in the population will then be a weighted average of those distributions, which can also be rationalized because the sets of distributions that can be rationalized in Theorems 2 and 3 are convex. 17 The independence assumption, however, is quite important. Consider what would be the effect of relaxing it in Example 1. If any correlation is

is to rewrite the utility function as u, : A R, where can embed a class of utility functions that the agent learns over time, and in some compact set, as we saw in Example 2 with the discount factor , is a parameter to be estimated that the agent knows but the analyst doesn't (see also Section 8.4) . This incorporates two subtleties: first, that the model can accommodate a large class of possible utilities through the set , and second, the utility functions can accommodate missing parameters, which the

but we can restrict attention to some canonical structures without loss of generality. This result appears in analogous 14 forms in Myerson [1986], Forges [1986], Kamenica and Gentzkow [2011], and Bergemann and Morris [2016], as the "Revelation Principle" or, as we will call it, the "Obedience Principle". First, we define the subset of canonical sequential information structures. In what follows, let IdA refer to the identity mapping from A to A. Definition 6. ,, p is an obedient triple if S =A and =IdA.

period instead of waiting. Similarly, by the argument in Section 8.2, upon observing a distribution that puts weight w >0 on w x or wy , the analyst can conclude that max{ 2 3-w ,4 5 }; hence, we have ()= h max{ 2 3-w ,4 5 },1 i . Such partial identification exercises have been applied in static settings, using the notion of Bayes Correlated Equilibrium. Syrgkanis, Tamer, and Ziani [2021] estimate the distribution of valuations in an auction; Magnolfi and Roncoroni [2023] measure the effect of competition

consistent with , for some p and --in econometrics terms, we treat p and as nuisance parameters. Thus, we ask: if the analyst observed the distribution over action sequences (A), what values of would be consistent with such a choice, for some prior p and information structure ? Let () (A)denote the set of distributions that can be rationalized for a given value of . Upon observing the distribution , the analyst would deduce that the 0 must lie in the sharp identified set ()={ | ()}. We can use deviation

structure. In the (axiomatic) decision theory literature, papers often seek to identify utilities and infor- mation simultaneously (see, for example, Dillenberger, Lleras, Sadowski, and Takeoka [2014], Piermont, Takeoka, and Teper [2016], and Lu [2016]). However, identifying this rich space of parameters requires much richer data as well, such as all choices from all menus. Frick, Iijima, and Strzalecki [2019] is an example that is close to our model. They study a dynamic random utility model, with one

2020. F. Forges. An approach to communication equilibria. Econometrica, 54(6):1375 -1385, 1986. M. Frick, R. Iijima, and T. Strzalecki. A note on comparative ambiguity aversion and justifiability. Econo- metrica, 87(6):1941 -2002, 2019. E. Greenshtein. Comparison of sequential experiments. The Annals of Statistics , 24(1):436 -448, 1996. C. Gualdani and S. Sinha. Identification in discrete choice models with imperfect information. Journal of Econometrics, 244(1):105854, 2024. E. Kamenica. Bayesian

exactly equal to 1 for =1. In the appendix, we show that in fact: = 3 -2 1 4 5 , where 1 is the indicator function. The adjoining figure plots this value of . The construction of the information structure and the deviation rules that delivers 3 -2 as the lower and upper bounds, respectively, are provided in Section 10.3. 8.3 Dynamic information design Information design asks whether some desirable behavior can be induced with a careful choice of information structure, starting from a fixed prior belief on

then be defined by modifying Definition 3. Definition 7. A distribution (A x)can be rationalized if there exists ,, p such that 1. arg max U ,, p, and 2. (a,)=(a|) p()a A, .14 Thus, a joint distribution is rationalized if there exists a sequential information structure and a prior such that, in best responding to them, the agent's optimal strategy generates . In the context of Example 1, we are assuming that a large number of firms face some prior and sequential information structure, and in best

the set of feasible action sequences (Theorem 1) or distribution over action sequences (Theorems 2 and 3) for any possible prior. This can be interpreted as a situation in which the designer controls not only the information structure, but also the distribution over states. To illustrate the ideas here, we will use a two-period version of the "moving the goalposts" model in Ely and Szydlowski [2020]. Example 3. A manager wants the employee to put in effort in both periods of a two-stage project. Each round

probability. To understand the setting and what this definition allows, consider the following example: Example 1. A CEO faces an opportunity to invest in a project with uncertain payoffs: there is a return of 4 if the project meets favorable conditions in the future (good state) and 0 if not (bad state). The project bears fruits on two rounds of investment, and each round of investment costs 1 unit. The CEO has three options: not invest, invest in the first round and pull back in the second, or invest in

and Morris [2016]). 8.4 Partial identification of preferences Suppose that the utility function u belongs to a parametric class {u(,)} and denote the true parameter by 0. We assume that the agent knows 0, but the analyst does not. The set of action sequences that can be rationalized would then depend on . Our goal here is to describe how to partially identify the parameter 0 using data on the distribution of actions chosen. In this exercise, we would like to know what values of could be consistent with ,

as a function of ? The next two results help the reader answer these questions by characterizing the family of distributions over action sequences that can be rationalized. Suppose the analyst observes chosen action sequences along with the associated realized states for a large number of decision problems. For Example 1, this data requirement would collate entries in one of six possible bins: (not invest,),good (invest,pull back),good (invest,invest),good (not invest,),bad (invest,pull back),bad

states for each action sequence, and then averages these values over action se- quences using . Theorem 3 states that a distribution cannot be rationalized if and only if it is intermediately dominated. Four applications are presented in Section 8: First, by characterizing the empirical content of the model, the three theorems provide a clear method for testing for Bayesian rationality. For Example 1, using Theorem 3, we can conclude that 2/3 is the upper bound on the fraction of firms that can rationally

the same utility function, prior, and information structure. Moreover, we also need to assume that the signals seen by each agent are independent. Only then can we conclude, by a standard law of large numbers argument, that the empirical distribution should be close to the theoretical distribution generated by the triple (,, p). No such assumptions are required for Theorem 1. The assumption that all agents have the same information structure can be relaxed without consequence. If we allow multiple